Fallible param notes (#1729)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.15/release-notes/15276_Reduce_runtime_panics_through_SystemParam_validation.md

<!-- Reduce runtime panics through `SystemParam` validation -->
<!-- https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/15276 -->

<!-- `QuerySingle` family of system params -->
<!-- https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/15476 -->

<!-- `Populated` (query) system param -->
<!-- https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/15488 -->

> **Bevy 0.15** comes with a much needed ergonomic improvement in inaccessible system parameters named *Fallible System Params*.
> Originally, the following piece of code would panic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Bevy 0.14 and prior, the following code would panic:
```

```rust
#[derive(Resource)]
struct MyResource;

fn my_system(my_resource: Res<MyResource>) {}

fn main() {
    let mut app = App::new();
    app.add_plugins(DefaultPlugins)
    app.add_systems(my_system);
    // Panic here: `my_system` cannot fetch `MyResource`, because it was never added.
    app.run();
}
```

> but now, `my_system` simply won't be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but in Bevy 0.15, `my_system` simply won't be executed.
```

> This works on all system-based features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works for all system-based features:
```

- Systems & Observers - will be skipped,
- Run conditions - will be skipped and return `false`.

> Behavior in compound systems, like `system_a.pipe(system_b)`, is still in development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compound systems, like `system_a.pipe(system_b)`, are currently skipped if any required data is missing.
```

Author: There is a lot of complexity here, but let's say this is how it works >.>

> Pre-existing parameters which now benefit from this feature are: `Res` and `ResMut` as well as their non-sync siblings `NonSend` and `NonSendMut`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-existing parameters which now benefit from this feature are: `Res` and `ResMut` as well as their siblings `NonSend` and `NonSendMut`.
```

They can be sync!

Author: oops

> For parameters that build on top of other parameters: tuples, `DynSystemParam` and `ParamSet`; the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters that build on top of other parameters: tuples, `DynSystemParam` and `ParamSet` are considered present if and only if all of their system parameters are present.
```

Additionally, few new system params were introduced to simplify existing code:
- `Single<D, F>` - Works like `Query<D, F>::single`, fails if query contains 0 or more than 1 match,
- `Option<Single<D, F>>` - Works like `Query<D, F>::single`, fails if query contains more than 1 match,
- `Populated<D, F>` - Works like a `Query<D, F>`, fails if query contains no matches.

## Warnings

Fallible system params come with a primitive warning mechanic.
Currently, systems can behave in one of two ways:
- (default) warn exactly once,
- never warn.

The default can be changed as following:
```rust
// For systems
app.add_systems(my_system.never_param_warn());
// For observers
app.add_observer(my_observer.never_param_warn());
// For run conditions
app.add_systems(my_system.run_if(my_condition.never_param_warn()));
```

> More elaborate warning mechanics will be develop as we gather feedback about this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us know what other warning strategies you'd like!
```
